RDoc-2175-Which backups contain Change Vector (#1498)
ravendb/docs: Documentation/4.2/Raven.Documentation.Pages/client-api/operations/maintenance/backup/backup.markdown

* During the restoration, RavenDB -  
   * Re-inserts all data into the database.  

>    * Re-indexes the data from backed up definitions.  

Reviewer: should be
Re-indexes the data from _restored_ definitions.  
 ?

Author: I can change that.
The important thing here is that people know that it has a lot of work to do because the index data wasn't backed up, just the definitions.

* During the restoration, RavenDB -  
   * Re-inserts all data into the database.  
   * Re-indexes the data from restored definitions.  
     To save space, Logical Backup stores index definitions only, 

>      so during restoration the indexes must use the definitions to scan and process the dataset. 

Author: done
`During restoration, the dataset is scanned and indexed according to the definitions.`

* Restoration time is, therefore, **slower** than when restoring from a Snapshot.  

* Backup file size is **significantly smaller** than that of a Snapshot.

* In addition to full data backup, Logical Backups can be defined as **incremental**, 

>   frequently saving any changes made since the previous backup.

Author: done

####Snapshot

> * A SnapShot is a compressed binary duplication of the full database, ongoing tasks, and journals 
>   [file structure](../../../../server/storage/directory-structure#storage--directory-structure) 
>   at a given point-in-time, including fully built indexes.  
>   Snapshot-backups are available for **Enterprise subscribers**.  

Reviewer: duplication of full database already means that journals (and tasks) are duplicated, we should mention it duplicates the files structure itself. lets change to something like this:

```suggestion
* A Snapshot is a compressed binary duplication of the full database data structure. Which include the data file, and the journals of all storages at a given point-in-time. therefore it includes fully built indexes, it also includes ongoing tasks.  
See [file structure](../../../../server/storage/directory-structure#storage--directory-structure) for more info.
 
  Snapshot-backups are available for **Enterprise subscribers**.  
```

Author: done

####Snapshot

> * A Snapshot is a compressed binary duplication of the full database data structure. 

Author: done

>   This includes the data file and the journals of all storages at a given point-in-time.  

Author: * I removed storages.  It backs up a database and it's tasks.  That is covered in the first sentence.
* The reference to journals is in the next line.

  Therefore it includes fully built indexes and ongoing tasks.  
  See [file structure](../../../../server/storage/directory-structure#storage--directory-structure) for more info.

> * Snapshot-backups are available for **Enterprise subscribers**.  

Author: done

* Snapshot size is typically **larger** than that of a logical backup.  

> * Snapshot cannot backup data incrementally.  

Reviewer: there is a incremental option in snapshot backups

Author: I just tested it. You're right.  That means that I need to change the studio article on it too.

* Snapshot size is typically **larger** than that of a logical backup.  

* If Incremental Snapshot backups are chosen, the first backup will be a full Snapshot, but the incremental backups, 
  like Logical, will not update indexes or change vectors.   Document data will be up-to-date, but restoring from an 
  Incremental Snapshot will still require some reindexing and the change vectors will also be affected. 

> 

Author: done.
This is what I have now
```
* If Incremental Snapshot backups are used: 
   * The first backup will be a full Snapshot, but the incremental backups, 
     like Logical backup types, will not update indexes or [change vectors](../../../../server/clustering/replication/change-vector).   
   * Document data will be up-to-date, but restoring from an 
     Incremental Snapshot will still require some re-indexing and the change vectors will also be affected. 
```

> 

Reviewer 2: still messy (most of it can go to the incremental backups section it actually belongs to), and you simply ignored at least one comment (about explaining the mysterious "change vectors will also be affected").

* "If Incremental Snapshot backups are used: " --> "If Incremental backups are created for a snapshot: "
* replace the following two bullets with:
   "The first backup will be a full Snapshot. 
   The following incremental backups will be kept in [JSON format](../../../../client-api/operations/maintenance/backup/backup#incremental-backup)."
(The link is to the incremental-backups section below.)
* Add any additional information regarding incremental backups to the "Incremental-Backup" section below.
   E.g.  
     * An incremental backup keeps index definitions (not full indexes).
       When the backup is restored, the dataset is re-indexed by the index definitions. 
     * An incremental backup doesn't keep [change vectors](../../../../server/clustering/replication/change-vector).

> 

Author: done

* Snapshot size is typically **larger** than that of a logical backup.  

* If Incremental Snapshot backups are used: 
   * The first backup will be a full Snapshot, but the incremental backups, 

>      like Logical backup types, will not update indexes or [change vectors](../../../../server/clustering/replication/change-vector).   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     like Logical backup types will be backed-up in JSON files therefor will not update indexes or [change vectors](../../../../server/clustering/replication/change-vector).   
```

Author: Done
